GUMTREE SINGAPORE MOBILE APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE

This Application, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Use Copyright © 2014 eBay International AG.

Gumtree Singapore is provided to you by Marktplaats BV, Wibautstraat 224-2, 1097 DN Amsterdam, The Netherlands, also referred to below as "Marktplaats," "we" or "us".
By using this Mobile Application (the "Application"), you agree to be bound by this Mobile Application Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. This is an agreement between you and us, not Nokia. The terms of use and privacy policies of Nokia and the network operators that provide billing services for the Nokia Store do not apply to your use of this Application. Certain features of this Application may require you to be a member or provide personal information and your use of these features and this Application is also subject to the www.gumtree.sg (the "Website") Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

PRIVACY POLICY

This policy applies to your use of the Application and tells you how we use and protect the information we may collect. If you reside within the European Union, the data controller is Marktplaats B.V., Wibautstraat 224-2, 1097 DN Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Data Collection and Use. When you use this Application, we may collect and store some or all of the following, for the purpose of providing you a mobile user experience:
* Device sign-on data (including device ID)
* Location data
* If you don't have an existing account, personal information if you register for an account
* An encrypted copy of your user ID and password
* Your preferred language and country site
* Your email address and correspondence sent via the Application
* Information about how you interact with the Application and the applicable website(s)

We use this information to operate and improve our applications, sites, services, and tools.
This Application may utilize social networking or "share functionality" or may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party site. You are subject to the policies of those third parties when and where applicable. By using this Application, you expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any share functionality or third-party site accessed from this Application. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to anyone.

User Control and Uninstall. You can access and change user settings or delete your search history from the options/settings menu on your device. Uninstallation methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall this Application, please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual for reference.

Security. The information this Application collects may be stored locally on your device and may be transmitted to our servers in the United States and/or European Union. The transmission of information over wireless and wired networks is not inherently secure. We use many tools to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure however we do not guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private when using this Application.

Changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will take effect when you next use the Application or after 30 days, whichever is sooner. If you do not agree to any change, please uninstall and discontinue using this Application.

Privacy Contact. For questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at "Gumtree Singapore Legal - Global Privacy Practices" using the appropriate address listed in Contracting Parties below.

TERMS OF USE

Application Use. We grant you the right to use this Application only for your personal use. You may not: (a) install or use a copy of this Application on a device you do not own or control; (b)modify, copy, publish, license, sell, or otherwise commercialize this Application or any information or software associated with this Application; (c) rent, lease or otherwise transfer rights to this Application; or (d) use this Application in any manner that could impair any of our websites in any way or interfere with any party's use or enjoyment of any such site. You must use the Application in compliance with all applicable laws. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using this Application (e.g. your wireless data service agreement). Your right to use this Application will terminate immediately if you violate any provision of this Terms of Use. Nokia, your mobile device manufacturer, and your wireless carrier are not responsible for providing support services for this Application.
This Application may allow you to upload and post content to our website(s). All Listing, Prohibited Item, and other policies in the Website and Website Terms of Use, apply to your use of this Application. Please review all policies prior to using this Application. This Application may not contain the same functionality available on the Website.

Intellectual Property. We own, or is are the licensee to, all right, title and interest in and to this Application, including all rights under patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, or unfair competition law, and any and all other proprietary rights, including all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof. You will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from this Application and you will not remove, obscure or alter our copyright notice, trademarks or other proprietary rights notices affixed to, contained within or accessed in conjunction with or by this Application.

Disclaimer of Warranties. We, Nokia, the wireless carriers over whose network this Application is distributed, and each of their respective affiliates and suppliers (collectively, "Disclaiming Distributors") disclaim responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of this Application. The Application and the service(s) accessed by it are provided "as is", "with all faults", and "as available". We and the Disclaiming Distributors expressly disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by law all guarantees and express, implied and statutory warranties, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness and performance of this Application. You download and use this Application at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damages to your hardware device(s) or loss of data that results from the download or use of this Application. Notification functionality in this Application may not occur in real time. Such functionality is subject to delays beyond our control, including without limitation, delays or latency due to your physical location or your wireless data service provider's network.

Limitation of Liability. We and the Disclaiming Distributors are not liable to you or any user for any use or misuse of this Application. Such limitation: (a) includes direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary and punitive damages, whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort or otherwise (even if we or the Disclaiming Distributors have been advised of the possibility of such damages); (b) applies whether damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on this Application, from inability to use this Application, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of this Application (including any damages incurred by third parties); and (c) applies notwithstanding a failure of the essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law. Further, you will not seek to recover any consequential, lost profit, special, indirect, or incidental damages from us or any Disclaiming Distributor. Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability to the full extent described above, these limitations may not apply to you. Therefore if we or any Disclaiming Distributor is found to be liable for any reason, we and/or the Disclaiming Distributor's liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) the total fees you pay to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to liability, and (b) 100 Singapore Dollars.

Indemnification. You will indemnify and hold harmless us and our parents, subsidiaries, officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees, from any claim made by any third party due to or arising directly or indirectly out of your conduct or in connection with your use of this Application, any alleged violation of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and any alleged violation of any applicable law or regulation. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, but doing so will not excuse your indemnity obligations.

Changes to this Application or Terms of Use. We reserve the right to make changes to this Application and/or these Terms of Use from time to time. Any material changes will take effect when you next use the Application or after 30 days, whichever is sooner. If you do not agree to any change, please uninstall and discontinue using this Application.

Miscellaneous Provisions. The terms of the Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at the Website accessed by this Application also apply to your use of this Application. You are responsible for complying with trade regulations and both foreign and domestic laws. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a US Government embargo, or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country and you are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. This Application or its underlying technology may not be downloaded to or exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a resident or national of) Cuba, Iraq, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria or any other country subject to United States embargo; (b) to anyone on the US Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or on the US Commerce Department's Denied Party or Entity List; and (c) you will not export or re-export this Application to any prohibited country, person, end-user or entity specified by US Export Laws.

Contracting Parties. The contracting party is by Marktplaats B.V., Wibautstraat 224-2, 1097 DN Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

Revision Date: April 10, 2012
Last Revision: April 10, 2012
